Here you are, the villa I want is ready.
I'm in a hurry.
Hurry up
Ride on your villa, it's already ready for you.
Just waiting for you to come back.
I'll arrange a roll for you now.
What is Sister Xin doing?
This gentleman
Are you in a hurry?
Get out of the way
Get out with two stinky losers
But obviously this gentleman came first
How can
So what?
He can compare to very little
Do you have money, status, status?
How dare a stinky dick let Qi Shao wait behind
But what
Qi Shao is the eldest young master of the Qi family
Is a big customer of our company
Delayed very little time
Can you take responsibility?
Qijia Qi Guangjin
I occupied Aunt Li in my previous life
The bastard dad who caused Aunt Li to die from domestic violence
This person looks good or bad
What are you talking about, little boy?
The eldest young master of the Qi family, right?
Just because he is rich and powerful
He can plug in front of me
Yeah, people start
The eldest young master has at least one year in our company
10 top villas
This is the customer we want to receive.
Not your kind
100,000 dollars a year
Poor people who can't earn it can compare
Sister Xin, don't say that
You shut up
As for you
To be able to let Qi Shao insert in front of you is to look up to you
It's your pleasure to make way for Qi Shao
Don't be shameless